Copyright 2020, DOSH Holdings, Inc. 

Privately Licensed.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Users shall not directly or indirectly (or assist or allow a third party to) 
(i) distribute, sell, sublicense, rent, loan, lease, or transfer the software 
to any third party, (ii) use the software to create or facilitate the creation 
of any product or service that is competitive with the Dosh services, including 
connecting to any other supply side platform or to any third party ad server 
using the software, or (iii) combine the software with other software such that 
the user restricts, impedes, circumvents, compromises, or impacts the 
functionality of or charge for access to the software. Further, users shall not
 copy, decompile, disassemble, translate, reverse engineer, modify, adapt, or 
 create derivative works of the software (including the runtime components and 
 any other portions thereof).

Title, ownership, and all intellectual property rights in and to the software, 
and any copies or portions thereof, shall remain with Dosh Holdings, Inc. Dosh 
may collect and use comments, feedback, suggestions, and other information 
provided by users, if any, related to the software, and Dosh may use this 
information to improve, develop, and otherwise provide applications, services 
and technologies without any obligation to users. Dosh may modify or discontinue 
offering the software at any time. The software is protected by the copyright 
laws of the United States and international copyright treaties. Dosh reserves 
all rights in the software not expressly licensed above.
